Fromm Hansel minutes.com it's Hansel
minutes or weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman hosted by Carl Franklin. This
is Lawrence Ryan announcing show number
53 recorded Wednesday, February 28th, 2007. Support
for Hanselman it's is provided
by Tellerik rad controls. The
most comprehensive suite of components
for windows forms and asp.net
web applications. online@wwwdottelerik.com. Support is
also provided by.net developers journal
the world's leading.net developer magazine
online at www dot
dot com. In this episode,
Scott and Carl discuss techniques
for hiring engineers. Hi, this
is Carl Franklin. You're listening to
Hansel minutes from Hanselman it's
dot com. Scott and I
are here this week to
talk about hiring and interviewing
engineers. Yeah, this week there
was kind of this crazy
meme that was running around
the web. I don't know
if you heard about this,
the, the fizz buzz problem.
No, I didn't hear about
this. Hey, you're too busy.
We're making podcasts basically a
fizzbuzz question is a question
that you would ask a
programmer you're about to interview.
And the question is this
here's an example. Write a
program that prints the numbers
from one to 100, but
for multiples of three print
fizz, and for multiples of
five print buzz for multiple
for numbers that are multiples
of both three and five
print fizzbuzz. Okay. Sounds pretty
straightforward. Sure. Apparently there's a
great, great number of people
when asked this question cannot
do it really. They get
lost, they get stuck and
there were a number of
folks talking about this. You
can take a look up
at shrinks, your.com/m G Y
a and Jeff Atwood of
coding, horror blogged about this
and really kind of it's
an older article programmers program.
Yeah, he kind of, well
he's now he's calling it
fizz buzz, the programmers stairway
to heaven. Wow. Right? Because
it's like walking into guitar
center and it in my
head. Exactly. I don't, you
know, here's the equal here.
So here's the issue when
he put this up there,
if you take a look
at his site right now,
as of this recording, he's
got 350 comments. Here's the
really sad part. The vast
majority of those are people
solving the problem. Wow. You
couldn't come up with a
much simpler problem than that
point is not the problem,
right? The point is, if
you can't do it, right.
So it's weird that people
felt the need to spit
that out, but whatever we're
programmers, you tell them that
they can't do something. Like
he says in his post
about it being the programmers
stairway to heaven, you walk
into a guitar center and
you say, I don't think
most guitarists can play stairway.
Suddenly everyone's gonna start, start
playing it. Right. Which is
not the point of the
discussion. Right? So this is
kind of turn into a
larger question about, you know,
how do you interview folks?
There's the famous Microsoft interview
question about why are manhole
covers round, which you know,
could mean it could be
a question as an example
of critical thinking and could
just be really obscure. Cause
with a lot of these
questions, once you learn it,
you learn it right now.
Now you're are you clever?
Because you remember it, right?
How do you interview people
without it becoming an issue
of trivia? Well, there was
an article at, at Altima
developer by a guy named
bill vendors who says that
here are some ideas about
how to interview people. First,
you want to explore an
ex an area of their
expertise, right? You want to
find out what is it
that this person is doing?
I mean, this is before
the interview, do a little
research into what they claim
to know. No, well, it
could be, it could, this
could be a phone interview.
This could be the in
person interview. It could be
any of those things Say,
learn a little bit about
their area of expertise. Do
you mean before the interview?
Well, it's certainly, I assume
you've looked at their resume
and you know, that they're
good at something. Yeah. My
point is, is that rather
than having a list of
stuff you want them to
do, like, you know, here's
the 50 acronyms that I
need you to have. Radio
are WCF that what is
it that they're really awesome
at? W when you talk
to someone and they're, they,
they think that they are
good at something. They feel
they have an area of
expertise. You may not necessarily
be into them for that
area, but they're stoked about
it. They're good at it.
What is it like talking
to this person as they
explain something that they're really
good at? Right. Right. I
don't know much about audio.
You are an expert in
audio though. So I could
find out about your personality
by exploring this aspect of
your personality. Sure. Tell me
all about this area of
your expertise. Oh, by the
way, as a small aside,
there's a really funny book
and a really great audio
book by a guy named
John Hodgman. He's the PC
and the Mac PC commercials.
Also a comedian. He's got
a book called the areas
of my expertise. It's a
great book. Oh, that's who
that guy is. I heard
an interview with him on
a, what do you know
with Michael Feldman's piece? Brilliant.
Yeah. That's and, and of
course he claims to have
expertise in everything. Exactly. That's
why the book is so
funny. That's why it's funny.
Yeah. So another idea is
to, and this is all
from that article article, have
them critique something, right? Say,
you know, what is it
that you don't like about
C-sharp or tell me why
you think garbage collection is
just a fad. Yeah. So
then you can find out,
are, are they the kind
of developer who's overly critical,
right? Are they gonna immediately
start dog piling and kind
of crapping on a particular
technology, then you can find
out, are they a, a,
you know, kind of a
fair-weather programmer then of course,
there's the standard, let them
solve a problem type stuff,
and we can give them
all sorts of problems. And
I'll talk to you about
a problem that I recently
gave a guy that I
interviewed. And the problem with
giving problems is you sort
of have to give unique
problems every time. Right? Exactly.
I mean, you can't just
open up a book and
have, you know, 50 great
problems to ask us because
they can just study the
book. Right. Well, and the
issue with asking someone to
solve a problem also is,
is this someone who doesn't
work well under pressure? Now,
some people argue, some people
argue that, well, we are
under pressure in our jobs.
So you should be asked
to do something under pressure.
Well, other people feel that
an interview is a lot
like a test and a
test is kind of an
artificial thing. Like it wasn't
school quick perform tell a
joke, right? So asking someone
to design or write code
on the spot, there are
many people whose personality types
simply will not allow them
to, to do that one
interesting guy in Bruce Eckel
on the Altima article said
he likes to ask candidates
to create an object model
of a chicken. Cause everyone
knows what interesting. Everyone knows
what a chicken is. And
it kind of pushes people
away from the details of
the computer and lets, you
know, if they can think
about the big picture. Well
yeah. And if they can
translate where real world things
into it. Right, exactly. Yeah.
Dave Thomas on that same
article says he looks for
people with curiosity and presents
problems, not puzzles, which I
thought was pretty cool. Yeah.
I also, I ask people
about what blogs they read,
what books they read, how
do they, how do they
become lifelong learners? Yeah. Cause
you, you, you, it's not
that you want them to
be people who are necessarily
working on open source projects
at night, but they should
be enthused. They should be
the, you know, they should
be stoked about whatever they're
working on. Say if they
say I get all my
information from reading Scott Hanselman's
blog and listening to Hanselman
it's the interview is over
in their assets immediately asked
to leave. Sorry, but you
just lost dude due to
excessive suck up point. Yeah.
We can't have that. No.
I mean, I I'm just,
I'm just on the same
journey anyway, right? Sure. Oh
actually here's a, a small
tangent, but it kind of
a funny programmer thing. This
is up at shrink stir
slash M H one programmer
jokes. We're in the game.
We're in heaven. Saint Peter
sitting at a desk, he's
checking people in Peter says
welcome to heaven. What's your
programming language guide at the
front says small talk. Peter
says, alright, small talk room
33, please be very quiet.
As you pass room six
processes can repeating itself. Welcome
to heaven. Programming language, VB.
Oh room 17. But do
be very quiet as you
pass room six. What's your
programming language. C-sharp room 54.
Do be quiet as you
pass room six. Why do
you keep telling us to
be quiet? As we pass
room six? Ah, the Ruby
on rails. People are in
room six and they think
they're the only ones here.
Now that's an Adaption of
another, just regular old Baptist
joke. Yeah. But you want
to find out when you're
interviewing people, are they religious
zealots? Because not every company
runs things the same. We
have chosen that C sharp
is our language. But even
if someone doesn't know C-sharp,
if they're a VB, not
net person, they come in,
are they willing to learn
our way of thinking? Whether
it be programming, language, religious
zealotry, or the way we
do testing and the way
we do continuous integration, it's
a real challenge to find
someone who will challenge the
status quo without necessarily squashing
or stepping all over the
status quo because you don't
want to incite controversy, but
you do want to insight
kind of commentary and discussion.
So is the person's personality
one that will integrate with
your company? You don't want
them just to fall in
line unless you're explicitly hiring
for, you know, wanted programmer
who will just fall in
line and do what I
say. Right? One of the
other things that we found
in looking through the, my
comments here is that people
don't like trivia tests, you
know, a while back I
posted that list of what
I thought developers should be
able to done it. Developers
could know, I think that's
it shrinks there slash M
H too. It's just a
brainstormed list of all the
different things. I thought the
average.net dev should should know
some of them, like what's
a difference between a thread
and the process. People felt,
felt were very basic while
others felt that that wasn't
necessary anymore because we were
working at a much higher
level of abstraction. I'd beg
to differ. Really Sure. I
mean, you have to know
what a threat is, especially
in this day and age,
if you're going to write
code because so much of
your code that you're going
to be writing in the
next 20 years is going
to be multithreaded. Well, one
guy said in one of
my comments on my, when
I was weighing in about
this Facebook thing is that,
you know, he knows what
recursion is and he did
it in university, but in
his experience working for, you
know, for 10 years or
so, he just hasn't needed
to use recursion to solve
a business problem. Well, that
In particular, that case is
true. Really? Yeah. I think
Somebody will find that hard
to believe Because yeah, you're
PR you're really not writing
a lot of code at
that level. I mean, the
things that recursion is good
at is iterating through lists
like lists of directories and,
and putting in things like
schedules into calendars and shirts
like that. And a lot
of that stuff just, you
know, that's at the tool
level Times iteration can cover
up recursion or do recursion
just as well as you
need to. Yeah. Yeah. Franz
BOMA made that comment on
the blog as well that
you, you can solve virtually
any problem without recursion. So
maybe that wasn't a good
example. I think that the
real, The difference between a
process and a thread's a
little different, I think though,
Certainly certainly. And when you're
looking at patterns, types questions,
like if there's a known
computer science thing, whether it
be recursion or lists or
whatever, do you know when
to, when to recognize that
you need it, whether you've
used it or not, or
whether you have vast experience
in it is very different
from, is it the time
is this the time to,
to use that? Now there's
a lot of controversy about
whether or not we should
actually have people code at
the interview. Seems to me
that if you're hiring someone
to sing, they should be
singing at the audition. I
agree. I don't want to
find out that they can't
sing on opening day, but
a lot of people, a
lot of companies will hire
somebody, put them through training,
teach them about their product.
They may be at the
company two, three weeks before
they actually have learned, have
actually written some code. Rather.
Do you think it's reasonable
to pull a laptop out
and say, Hey, get this
out of the database, select
star from authors, I'll be
back in an hour. I
absolutely do. In fact, I
would, I, you know, I
would try to make up
some sort of fizz buzz
thing that is simple. You
know, that, that obviously isn't
all over the internet like
that is now. I would
certainly do that. I mean,
especially given that the results
of that test, which I
agree is, is pretty disturbing.
There was a guy named
Mark Friedman on my blog
who said that they give
the candidate 45 minutes. They
give them access to the
internet and they really do
expect them to look stuff
up and they stick them
in a room. They want
to find out if they
work well under pressure, what
do they do when they
get stuck? And then will
they, how do they communicate
their issues? And if they
even try to communicate issues,
right? Do they stay in
the room or they come
out and say, I have
a question, get some ideas.
Yeah. I think it is
a good idea. I think
I want to implement more
of that kind of thing.
We have people write some
code on the board, but
bring it on a laptop,
I think is a good
idea. Now, one, one point
was that many developers will
never do new development. They'll
just do maintenance development, true
Greenfield file, new type stuff
they are saying is very
rare. So this particular gentleman,
Mark Friedman also gives them
an existing asp.net application. And
then in his case, they
have both VB and C
sharp applications that they'll give
them. And they'll say, here's
a, here's a bug or
two. I want you to
go fix them. Wow. Let
them go through the code.
So it teaches them how
to read code, right? Because
you know, how do you
become a really great writer
of literature? You read all
the time, read all you
all you can. I've learned
a lot from reading open
source that you know, where,
where else can you find
it? Just a fantastic amount
of, of source code of
questionable value and, and quality.
But you don't know until
you read it. And until
you actually take a look
and find out, is this
it is this the kind
of programmer I want to
be? That's the kind of
stuff that I think about
when I see a source
out in the wild. The
other thing is to watch
for the kinds of requirements,
questions that they ask. If
you simply say right, fizzbuzz
do they say, well, is
this a console app? Is
it on the web? Is
there a performance requirement? Right?
Is this working on Linux?
Now? Here's another one supportability
who is going to support
this application later. Things like
that. Concerned if they ask
me questions that they could
easily Google, right? Oh yeah.
That's like a first that's
like the warning bells should
be going off. Yeah, absolutely.
You know, even though I
know you don't like to
work blue, but this is
a URL. There's a great
website called www.justingoogleit.com, which you
can send to people when
they send you an email
that says what's that. And
it just, so anyway. Yeah.
I definitely do not want
someone to come in and
have me Google for them.
So that gets into the,
what kind of a problem
solver are they? Sure. Because
you want them to self-start
you want them to work
hard, but you don't want
them to suffer. Right. There's
we are a team. So
you want to understand that
that working as a group
involves walking around, right? It
involves talking to people. You
can't just slide pizza under
the door and figure that
people are going to solve
that problem. Here's a question
when you notice, so what
if you notice something like
that right off the bat
and you know, everything else
about them seems to be
pretty satisfactory. And yet like
they have this one bad
habit of, you know, let's
say not Googling for information.
That's easily Google-able do you,
do you say, well, they
could change Well, so that
I know I have a
tendency to be analogy, boy,
and I know I take
it a little too far,
but I'll give you two
analogies. One on my blog
and here's a fresh one.
So the first one was
what I said on the
blog, which was, you know,
when you're trying to put
together a basketball team, you
want to hire, you want
to hire a tall people.
So I want tall programmers.
I don't really care. I
can't teach height. Sure. Right.
Somebody could learn to use
Google when they have a
dumb question, they can learn
VB. They can learn Ruby.
They can learn whatever they,
You can learn our product.
They can learn our processes,
but I can't teach them
to be tall. I can't
teach if they're there they're
a mental giant or not.
Right. And I would say
mental giant, I'm not talking
about like sat scores here.
I'm talking about they either
get it. Or they don't
right now that said, there
are always the kind of
the Rudy's and those kinds
of, you know, I'm five,
three, but I can still
dunk right. Type of people.
So these are, these are
all guidelines. The, the second
cheesy analogy, when the question
was, do you think someone
can get better? Well, you
know, when people get married
and then they get divorced
and then you hear about
them actually marrying the person
that they divorced. Yeah. I
heard Mary Miller give a good
analogy of that. He says,
it's like opening up the
door to the fridge, taking
the milk out. Ugh. This
milk is sour. Well maybe
tomorrow it'll be fresh and
you put it back and
close it. Exactly. And that
totally applies from a developer's
perspective. Is it your job
to hire the best person
for the team? Or is
it your job to teach
someone? Well, if you're hiring
an intern or a junior
developer, then their basic development
as a programmer is your,
is your best interest. But
if someone has a title
of senior engineer, senior staff
engineer, while their development is
important to me, they are
being hired to, to turn
or build a particular crank.
It's really not my job
to give them the basics.
There's a certain level you
expect. And this is why
that fizzbuzz thing. Well, people
have felt the need to
solve it and said that
it's a silly, silly question.
I think the best way
to phrase it is that
it doesn't tell you if
they are a good programmer,
but it sure tells you
if they're allows you one.
Yeah. If you, if you,
if you can't solve a
problem like that, and that's
just one example, you could
certainly come up with your
own example than, than you
might not be a particularly
initially talented programmer to do
the basics. The idea is
to lower the bar to,
to kind of keep the
chaff from coming in the
door and then get down
to the real programming questions.
So here's, here's a, let,
let, let me interview you
for a second. I, I,
this is just one example.
So don't nobody write in
and say, that was a
crap example. I mean, maybe
it was a crap example.
It's just one. Sure. So
I like to talk about
debugging problems that we've had
and, and walk people through
it. Like they're a member
of the team and we're
trying to solve the problems
for the first time. So
it's kinda like CSI, right?
It's like crime scene investigation.net.
Yeah. Okay. So I'm going
to hire you Carl, and
I'll even just say, hi,
how are you? And then
I'll immediately start talking about
the problem. And it's kind
of like, Oh wow. If
you, if they light up,
then it's like, Hey, there's
a problem. Okay. Okay. So
I've got an ASP application
and an asp.net application. It's
the same app. So one
virtual directory, there's classic ASP
and there's asp.net in the
same app. Okay. It's a,
it's a, dotnet one, one
application. So I've, I've gone
into IAS and I've told
it that this should be
one. One. What happens is
if someone hits the asp.net
page first, then it loads
up.net one, one, and everything
works great. But if someone
hits the ASP page first,
somehow the whole virtual directory,
it turns into dotnet two.
Oh, it gets stuck that
way. And then if I,
if, if I go to
another page after that, it's
too late done at two
Oh, Who is the, is
the kind of the defacto
Framework for that virtual directory?
Where do we start to
solve a problem like that?
So just to clarify the
problem, the problem is that
now the first place they
go being the session in
that session, or since someone
opens their browser, It's never
come up before. Exactly. Good
question. Not the session, but
it's the very first time
we've had it. Okay. So
it's the beginning of the
application, right? At the point
where the framework gets loaded.
Okay. And if you go
to an ASP page first
and that virtual directory, if
then you go to an
ASP net page, the two
O framework is going to
load up. If they hit
the classic ASP page, What
I'm saying? Yeah. If they
Classic ASP page first and
only done at two O
gets loaded. That's what I
mean. They don't even have
to hit an asp.net page,
But if they go to
an ASP net page two
Oh. Is going to process
it. Yes, exactly. Okay. All
right. So, but if they
go to an ASP net
page, first one, one is
going to load. Exactly. I
would take a look at
the internet services manager on
the machine level, not at
the application level. All right.
Is this a virtual directory?
This is a virtual directory
set up as an application.
Right, Right. Then I would
look at the application level
first and then I would
see what's that. And it
set to one, one, but
two O of course is
on the machine. Of course.
Two hours on the machine.
You say that there are
no dotnet two O applications
configured anywhere in Iowa. Interesting.
Okay. That's that's that's key.
Okay. Now the thing that
I would want to do
is I would want to
see what's going on under
the hood. Okay. So I
would probably look at some
performance counters. Okay. And, and.net
one. Oh, and.net. One, one,
just to take a look
and see what what's happening
are two Oh one, one
one two Oh one, one,
one. Okay. So here's one
additional information. There's a calm
object that we're using on
the classic case. Okay. Sure.
That calm object was written
in.net. Yeah. Okay. Was that
calm object written in dotnet
too? No. It was written
in.net. One, one, and then@oneandtheasp.net,
The HME, the ASP page
doesn't know it's dot net.
Of course. It's just calling,
but the runtime. So is
the calm interrupt layer. The
thing that is a loading
two. Oh, because that's the
law because that's the most
current version of.net on the
machine. Exactly. That's exactly what's
happening. Even if you go
on the registry, Cheers. That's
a sounder. Cheers. Yeah. Done
yet. We haven't solved it.
We just, we know why
we know why the guy
was shot, but we don't
know. We know this to
me. We know that the
guy, Yeah, Sean, we don't
know why he was shot.
Calm, interrupt layer is a
good place to consider when
weird things happen. Okay. So
I go into the registry
and I look at the
Prague ID for that comm
object. And I see that
it's actually marked to say.net.
One, one, it says that
in the registry, it says,
this has the version number
and everything as core live,
but it's just not happening
that way. Right. So let's,
let's look at the, the
machine config file. And perhaps
that object assembly is getting
redirected somewhere. Okay. Good idea.
Assembly. Redirect. So there's no
assembly redirection. There's no gagging
going on. There's nothing in
the gap. There's no suddenly
redirects going on. Is this
calm object calling another calm
object? No, it's all. It's
all by itself. Calling another.net
object. Nope. It's all by
itself. So the issue you've,
you've you've found the issue.
The issue is that the,
the com object is loading.net.
And I'll give you one
more information. It appears that
that registry key is completely
ignored because anytime you make
a comm object on a
windows system, you'll get the
latest version of the framework.
If the framework isn't already
loaded, that's just how it
works. This is why we
don't write, explore our plugins
and right. Click menus in.net.
So the problem is that
it's not looking in the
registry to make sure that
it's loading the right version
of the framework. Right? That's
the real problem. Yeah. Wait,
this is just a feature.
It's a by design, it
picks the latest version. So
whoever gets in first is
in, so let's think about
that. Here's the solving of
the, All right. So now
that we know, so that's
what's happening, right? So now
let's solve the problem, whoever
gets in first. So in
other words, how can you
force the comm object to
load framework 1.1? Exactly. So
now you've identified the problem.
How do I solve that?
How do we force it
to load framework 1.1? Well,
and you built the comm
object and visual studio, Right?
So the comm object is
a.net object. That's being called
with a calm callable rapper
through ASP. We call it
. Exactly. So what are
some opportunities? And I asked
for us to modify its
behavior. Let's see. Yeah. Some
opportunity. I got a couple
of things going in my
mind. One thing is that
I would want to try,
cause I haven't had to
solve this problem before. Exactly.
Which is why it's such
a good question for an
interviewer. Right? Of course. Now
that we've broadcasted, it becomes
a crappy question. But So
the first thing I would
like to do is I
would like to load it
up the source to the,
to the object that I'm
creating in.net in visual studio.
Let's say it's just hello
world. It's one function. Hello
world. There's nothing there. Okay.
Is it, is it something
that's compiled into a DLL
beforehand or is it just
a, of course it is.
It's not, it's not a
VB file. It's food, DLL,
red, Jasmine food out DLL
create server dot, create object,
food dot Fu. And when
it was created, when it
was compiled, I guess at
the command line, because you're
not a visual studio guy,
you, it was compiled with
1.1. Absolutely can probably one,
one, absolutely. We talked about
how the company, No way
to redirect it. No. And
it doesn't access the registry.
Now you, before you said
it was, you had put
a thing in the registry
to tell it to load
1.1, but it wasn't working
when you do a red,
they put In there, which
ms. Coraline, depending on what
it was built with, or
they put in the, the
assembly qualified name of the
ms. Coraline. And that was
Okay to load this framework.
So pretty much I'm convinced
now that it's not@the.net.net assembly
level. Yeah. It's in the
assembly between ASP and the
comm Caldwell wrapper. Okay. That's
what I think. So if,
if we assume that it's
something about.net and I can't
change dot Annette's behavior, nor
can I get Microsoft to
fix the bug or the
feature or whatever you want
to call it, I can
only influence what I can
influence. Right? How can I,
the very first time someone
hits a fresh site, how
can I get asp.net 1.1
yes. Into memory. Well, I'm
thinking about hooks and there's
a hook in classic ASP
in, it's been a while
since I've done classic ASP,
but there's an application start.
Yeah. That will get hooked
the first time the application
starts. Okay. Okay. That hooks
that's good. But I, only
thing I can do in
there is make calm objects.
Right. So what other hooks
are there an asp.net? Well,
we have hooks and asp.net,
but those applications start happens
in global ASA X. And
by then the, then the
frameworks loaded. So it's a
great question. So it's too
late, An IAS, proper old,
older. Yeah. I'm thinking back.
What did people write before?
Well, before ASP, yeah. We're
talking an ice sappy filter.
Exactly. What could I do
in a nice, happy filter
and it well, and never
written an ice sappy filter.
Sure. And this is the
point. Most people who are
being interviewed habit. Yeah. But
I know that about hooks.
I know that that's the
hook. I mean, what you
can do in an eye
sappy filter is essentially redirecting
get, get control when ASP
is a nice sappy filter.
So basically when there's a
file extension, you can associate
that with a filter. You
get control before that subsystem
even loads. Okay. So at
that point, however, I'd be
hacking. Okay. That's cool. But
you're, you're getting there. So
the solution that we ended
up using was we wrote
a nice sappy filter that
watched and loaded simply called
one function. It was like
core bind to runtime edX.
Basically we made the, there's
a calm, there's a calm
call that loads the framework,
the.net framework. Okay. So we
basically in an unmanaged code
in C plus, plus just
fired up the framework. Once
it gets loaded, it's stuck
there. You can only have
one framework per process. So
it sticks there and you're
set. So we just have
a little filter. It's like
six lines of code and
it says, Hey, I want
the framework. And it explicitly
asks for one, one, okay,
Man. I'm just amazed at
that problem exists at all,
Dude. That problem was a
problem that, that, that, that,
that that's the, and we
had, you know, we had
three, we solved, it took
a day or two, but
we had smart people sitting
around walking through the flow
chart. Exactly. Like you and
I did. And none of
us knew the complete solution.
And it's one of those
problems where you look back
and you go, Oh, of
course, but that's the good
kind of problem. Right? Right.
So during the interview process,
I like to ask questions
like that CSI kind of
questions because you, of course,
you're not going to have,
I mean, maybe you would,
but of course you're not
going to have written and
I sappy filter unmanaged thing
that talk. Right. But it's
all about knowing, knowing where
the points are and knowing
where, you know, being able
to isolate it. Right. And
then you could have used
that to Google on the
problem. Sure. But knowing that,
well, I can't do it
in ASP. All I have
is come available. I can't
do it. An asp.net. It's
too late. Framework's already loaded.
Those are the kinds of
things that tell me that
you understand the life cycle,
the lifetime of an asp.net
application. Another example question that
I offer sometimes up to
people is, you know, describe
an HTTP, get from the
moment it leaves your browser
until it gets down to
ASP and then back stuff
like that. Cause then you
find out, well, of course
they don't understand the exact
details of, I don't know,
pipeline or whatever, but they're
not supposed to, but at
least they know what they
don't know. Yeah. And then
some magic happens indeed. And
then a miracle happens. I
think you need to be
a little more explicit here.
All right, Scott, what a
great show. Thanks for dragging
me through that. That was
fun made my day. I'm
glad. And we'll see you
next week on Hansel minutes.